# US10 [View information about my treatment & diagnosis]

`As a patient admitted to the hospital, I want to read information about my
treatment and diagnosis, So that I can better understand my medical condition
and care plan.`

## Scenario 01 [view treatment categories]

 - Given I am on the home page of Patient Assist
 - When I navigate to `Behandling og undersøgelse`.
 - Then I should be presented with a list of treatment categories[^1]

^1 see glossary

## Scenario 02 [highlight relevant treatment categorie(s)]

 - Given I am admitted to the cardiology section.
 - When I am on viewing the list of treatment categories.
 - Then the list of treatment categories should be highlighted on cardiology.

## Scenario 03 [view illness categories]

 - Given I am navigated to the list of treatment categories.
 - When I click on a category.
 - Then I should be navigated to a list of illness categories[^2]

[^2] see glossary

## Scenario 04 [view illnesses]

 - Given I am navigated to the list of illness categories.
 - When I click on a category.
 - Then I should be presented with an expanding list of known illnesses, for
   which there is an article available, written by a health professionel.

## Scenario 05 [view illness & treatment details]

 - Given I am navigated to the list of illness categories.
 - When I click on a category.
 - Then I should be navigated to an article written by health professional,
   explaining the condition & its treatment.

## Scenario 06 [fail to display content in treatment or illness categories]

 - Given I am navigated to the list of treatment or illness categories.
 - When the system fails to fetch any categories, or experience some other techical error.
 - Then I should be presented with an appropriate error message given the
   nature of the error, and told to return later.
   
## Scenario 07 [fail to display article]

 - Given I am navigated to an illness & treatment article (scenario 04).
 - When the system fails to display the article.
 - Then I should be presented with an appropriate error message given the
   nature of the error, and told to return later.
   
# NOTER

## SAMTALE MED PO

Oskar:

`Angående US10:
Hej, vores gruppe var lidt i tvivl mht. hvor meget person-information appen må
håndterer. 
Vores første indtryk var, at den ikke skulle håndtere GDPR-sensitiv
informationer, men til den nye US vi har fået (US10), står der at man skal
kunne læse om sin behandling og diagnose. Derfor ville vi spørge, om vi
stadigvæk skal holde os til at klare det udenom personinformation, eller om vi
godt må gemme info omkring en patients indlæggelsesgrund/sygdom/behandling.`

PO (Patrick):

`Hej Oskar! Godt spørgsmål! Vi kører stadigvæk at der ikke må være nogle
personlige oplysninger. However.. Hvert sengenummer tilhører en afdeling. Det
vil sige ud fra sengenummeret kan vi bl.a. sige at hvis de er indlagt på
kardiologisk afdeling, så ved vi de behandlinger vi tilbyder på Bornholms
hospital for kardiologi.   De skal også have mulighed for at se andre
afdelingers behandlinger, men det for kardioligsk afdelingen skal være
highlighted`
